# Table of Contents

[Commands](COMMANDS.MD)  
[Variables](VARIABLES.MD)  

# Variables  

The following variables are available in your EasyLOU LUA scripts.  
Variables are not in alphabetic order. Rather, they are (somewhat) grouped by functionality.

## Character Info  

  
CHARNAME: The player's name.  

CHARID: The ObjectID of the player.  

CHARPOSX: The x coordinate of the current location of the player.  

CHARPOSY: The y coordinate of the current location of the player.  

CHARPOSZ: The z coordinate of the current location of the player.  

CHARDIR: The direction the player is facing.  

CHARSTATUS: Contains G if player is in combat mode. Contains A if the player is frozen (i.e. casting).   

CHARGHOST: True if the player is dead.  

BACKPACKID: The ObjectID of the player's backpack.  

BACKPACKWEIGHT: The total weight of the player's backpack.  

HEADID: The ObjectID of the object equipped on the head slot.  

HEADNAME: The Name of the object equipped on the head slot.  

CHESTID: The ObjectID of the object equipped on the chest slot.  

CHESTNAME: The Name of the object equipped on the chest slot.  

LEGSID: The ObjectID of the object equipped on the legs slot.  

LEGSNAME: The Name of the object equipped on the legs slot.  

RIGHTHANDID: The ObjectID of the object equipped on the right hand slot.  

RIGHTHANDNAME: The Name of the object equipped on the right hand slot.  

LEFTHANDID: The ObjectID of the object equipped on the left hand slot.  

LEFTHANDNAME: The Name of the object equipped on the left hand slot.  

  

## Status Bar  

  

STR: The player's str stat.  

HEALTH: The player's hit points.  

INT: The player's int stat.  

MANA: The player's mana points.  

AGI: The player's agility stat.  

ATTACKSPEED: The player's attack speed. Not used?  

STAMINA: The player's stamina.  

DEFENSE: The player's defense. Not used?  

VITALITY: The player's vitality. Not used?  

PRESTIGEXPMAX: The player's prestige. Not used?  

STEALTH: The player's stealth. Not used?  

  

## Last Action  

  

COBJECTID: The current ObjectID.  

LOBJECTID: The last ObjectID.  

  

## Find  

  

FINDITEMID: Comma separated list of the ObjectID of all the found items.  

FINDITEMNAME: Comma separated list of the Names of all the found items.  

FINDITEMCNTID: Comma separated list of the ObjectID of the containers of all the found items.  

FINDPANELID: Comma separated list of the PanelID of all the panels found.  

FINDGAMEOBJECTID: Comma separated list of the ID of all the panels found.  

FINDMOBILEID: Comma separated list of the ObjectID of all the found mobiles.  

FINDMOBILENAME: Comma separated list of the Name of all the found mobiles.  

FINDMOBILEHP: Comma separated list of the HP of all the found mobiles.  

FINDMOBILEDIST: Comma separated list of the distances of all the found mobiles.  

FINDMOBILETYPE: Comma separated list of the tyoe of all the found mobiles.  


## Client Info



CLIVER: Client version.  

CLIID: Client ID (i.e. process number).  

CLIXRES: Client X resolution.  

CLIYRES:  Client Y resolution.


FULLSCREEN: If true, Client is in full screen mode.


CLIGAMESTATE: Login, Loading or Game.

SERVER: Server address.


TARGETFRAMERATE: Unity related. The target frame rate.


VSYNCCOUNT: Unity related. The number of VSyncs that should pass between each frame.


MAINCAMERAMASK: Unity related. The current main camera mask. If 0, no rendering will happen (i.e. huge performance savings). If -1, all layers will be rendered.


## Miscellaneous

TARGETTYPE: The current target type. Can be None, Attack, ServerLoc, ServerAnyObj, or ServerDynObj.  

CLICKWINDOWX: The X screen coordinate of the last mouse click on the Client window. 0 is at the far left.  

CLICKWINDOWY: The Y screen coordinate of the last mouse click on the Client window3. 0 is at the far bottom.  

CLICKWINDOWZ: Not really used.  

CLICKWORLDX: The X world coordinate of the last mouse click on the Client window. 0 is at the far left.  

CLICKWORLDY: The Y world coordinate of the last mouse click on the Client window. 0 is at the far left.  

CLICKWORLDZ: The Z world coordinate of the last mouse click on the Client window. 0 is at the far left.  

MONSTERSNEARBY: If true, there are monsters in the nearby.  

MONSTERSID: Comma separated list of ObjectID of the monsters in the nearby.  

MONSTERSNAME: Comma separated list of Names of the monsters in the nearby.  

MONSTERSHP: Comma separated list of HPs of the monsters in the nearby.  

MONSTERSDIST: Comma separated list of distances of the monsters in the nearby.  

RANDOM: A random number generated by the client.  

TIME: World time in seconds.

SCANJOURNALTIME: The timestamp of the last processed message.

SCANJOURNALMESSAGE: The last processed message.

COMMANDID: Last EasyUO command processed.  

MOUSEWINDOWX: Current mouse X window position.  

MOUSEWINDOWY: Current mouse Y window position.  

MOUSEWINDOWZ: Current mouse Z window position.  

MOUSEWORLDX: Current mouse X world position.  

MOUSEWORLDY: Current mouse Y world position.  

MOUSEWORLDZ: Current mouse Z world position.  

MOUSEOVERUINAME: Name of the UI element at the current mouse position.  

CLICKPERID: ObjectID of the permanent object last clicked. Useful for Trees and Rocks.  

CLICKNAME: Name of the object last clicked. Useful for pretty much any item.  

CLICKOBJID: ObjectID of the object last clicked. Useful for pretty much any item.  

CLICKOBJNAME: Name of the object last clicked. Useful for pretty much any item. Alternative approach.  

CLICKOBJCNTID: ObjectID of the container of the object last clicked. Useful for pretty much any item.  

MOUSEOVERPERID: ObjectID of the permanent object at the current mouse position. Useful for trees and rocks.  

MOUSEOVERNAME: Name of the object at the current mouse position.  

MOUSEOVEROBJID: ObjectID of the object at the current mouse position.  

MOUSEOVEROBJNAME: Name of the object at the current mouse position. Alternative approach.

MOUSEOVEROBJCNTID: ObjectID of the container of the object at the current mouse position.
